briefcase Briefcase
effect:	location Briefcase Office
effect:	location ?paycheck Office
effect:	location ?from
effect:	location ?paycheck ?from
location Home
effect:	location Briefcase Office
effect:	location Paycheck Office
effect:	location Home
effect:	location Paycheck Home
location Office
effect:	location Briefcase Office
effect:	location Paycheck Office
effect:	location Home
effect:	location Paycheck Home
paycheck Paycheck
effect:	location Briefcase Office
effect:	location Paycheck Office
effect:	location Home
effect:	location Paycheck Home
location Paycheck Home
effect:	location Briefcase Office
effect:	location Paycheck Office
effect:	location Home
effect:	location Paycheck Home
Potential Threat with precondition: location Paycheck Home	Step: :goal ID: 0
